; recommended pull command
;
;   tx pull -a --minimum-perc 1 --mode onlytranslated
;

[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[ushahidi-v3-api.configphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/config.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.contactsphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/contacts.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.csvphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/csv.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.exportphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/export.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.form_attributephp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/form_attribute.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.form_contactphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/form_contact.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.formphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/form.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.form_rolephp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/form_role.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.hxl_metadataphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/hxl_metadata.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.layersphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/layers.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.mediaphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/media.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.messagephp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/message.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.notificationsphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/notifications.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.postphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/post.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.rolephp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/role.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.tagphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/tag.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.userphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/user.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.user_settingphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/user_setting.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

[ushahidi-v3-api.validationphp]
file_filter = resources/lang/<lang>/validation.php
source_lang = en
type = PHP_ARRAY

